Hey,
what's going on as bill burn?
It's the Monday morning podcast from Monday,
August 31st,
2015 August 31st as far as I know,
it's the last day of fuck kids.
Maybe it isn't.
Maybe some of you consider a Labor Day.
You know,
maybe some of you have those traditionalist where you can't wear white after
Labor Day.
Well tell it to that whore that was on that thing last night.
That fucking doesn't show videos anymore.
Um,
I am of course talking about the,
uh,
the MTV music awards,
which I gotta be honest with you.
I don't even know that they were on,
you had no idea.
My wife knew and she put them on.
And um,
I remember one point,
they were in the background,
they were showing the,
the old MTV logo and it was changing all colors and stuff.
And I just,
I always get sad when I see it.
Like,
what happened,
what happened and that,
where the fuck did they get off?
And I know I'm the 1000000th person to say this,
but where the fuck did they get off?
Yeah.
Why do they have a video music awards when they don't show any music videos?
Okay.
You know what I mean?
Do I,
do I have a,
I dunno to what do I host a fucking show about not being a colony?
It would be just as hypocritical.
Right?
By the way,
could that check be trying any fucking harder?
Good Lord,
we get it.
Okay.
Those dumb ass outfits,
you know every fucking outfit looking like,
are you going to go fuck Captain Kirk
this soap?
I
go back and look,
look at some of the truly shocking shit that people did way back after.
You know,
fucking freak me out a long time ago was Marilyn Manson.
The first time that guy came out and he sang that beautiful people and he was,
I don't know what the fuck he was wearing.
It was something,
I think it was that thing that women wore back in the day when they try to make
their waste really small.
Is that a corset?
He had that and like his fucking awful ass hanging out and he had like these
contact lenses that made them look like a hustle.
I was just like,
what the fuck is that?
You know,
running around out there like jail bait with the fucking tongue hanging out and
now you'll legal and
I was in the other room.
Right.
And uh,
you know,
my wife has some family in town so she and some of the ladies were in there
watching it.
And uh,
so the fucking uh,
Captain Kirk's one night stand there.
What the fuck is in there?
I want to keep saying lady Gaga.
I know.
It's not that,
it's not Taylor swift.
That's two out of three though.
MMM.
Miley Cyrus.
So she's in there singing this fucking song over and over again about how she
doesn't give a fuck at,
uh,
I felt bad for,
you know what I mean?
Cause you know,
with the music game,
it's like,
yeah,
you have your popular for a while and then it just fucking starts to go down and
then maybe you get one more hit and then you fucking finished.
And then for the rest of your life you got to sing those songs.
Sega guys,
this Shaw.
Yeah,
the piano.
Bad.
Say guys just saw tonight,
why do you think Billy Joel drinks so much?
He's got to sing the same fucking 20 songs for 40 years.
I mean,
the fact that that man is still standing
yeah.
Is a testament to his inner strength.
I find to do the same fucking jokes for 20 years.
Okay.
40 or 40 years you go back to fucking,
uh,
I didn't want to do jokes I did fucking four years ago.
There's no way these two poor people and this poor woman,
Miley Cyrus is going to have to sing about how she doesn't give a fuck when
she's in her fifties and sixties.
You know what I mean?
And she's painted herself into a corner wearing those star trek outfits.
No,
she hasn't.
Gee,
if I was her manager,
I say,
listen,
at some point you got to put your tongue away and,
and put some God damn clothes on.
Or uh,
you know,
um,
I'm going to leave right around when you're about 32 33 cause I'm not going to
watch this fucking train wreck.
Okay.
Like what's her face?
Uh,
Madonna,
I mean Mcdonald's pushing 60,
and she still has to go out there and fish nets,
rubber and a clam because that's what God are there.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
I mean,
she should be,
she's a month,
so I'm still somebody's mom.
She has like grown up kids.
She's still trying to hide behind that.
Ah,
I was trying to break down the boundaries of what you picture when you picture a
58 year a woman.
Yeah.
You're really not,
it's just like a growing up and having a little bit of class and admitting that
you know,
those days are behind you and enjoying your kids.
Right.
That's what I would think
you run around.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
I mean,
old rock star is still running around grabbing that Dick's.
I know God knows Billy idol is.
Um,
I dunno,
maybe I'm wrong on this one.
I have no idea.
But you really got to,
I would think if I,
if I was a musician,
which I'm clearly not
okay
in the back of my head as much as I had to be present and who the fuck I was
when I was writing songs,
there would be something that's going like,
hey,
you know,
if this is a giant hit,
I'm going to have to sing this in a casino when I'm 60.
You know what I mean?
It's going to be 60 years old going,
yeah,
smoke weed.
I don't give a fuck.
Right.
Fucking jelly.
Roll's hanging out of that fucking outfit.
Um,
I dunno the fuck do I know?
Don't you got to do maybe just give it a funny intro to be all right.
This next song I wrote when I was 21,
uh,
within the first half of line of lyrics,
you're going to realize it.
Oh,
forgive me as I roll my eyes when I sing this fucking thing.
Um,
Oh my God,
Jesus Christ,
that's going to come back to haunt you.
I worry about that.
You know about ever becoming a fucking parent,
you know,
is uh,
some of the bits that I've done coming back and blowing back in my face.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I just said,
hey,
you know,
I,
I'm,
I was an idiot and a kind of still am but a legally you have to do what I say
within reason.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Would you like some fruit loops?
Um,
I don't know how you'd do it.
You know what it is.
I don't give a shit about any of those things,
those fucking video awards.
You know what it really is?
I just wished an MTV still played music so I could stay up on it rather than
just no one who liked the f five pop stars are,
you know what I mean?
Like how many times are they going to keep going back to Taylor swift and Kanye
West?
That's just like,
is there anybody new Kanye west Taylor swift,
Miley Cyrus fucking,
uh,
that chick there with the booty.
The fuck is her name.
She's always arguing with people on Twitter.
I just had it.
Nicki Minaj,
those same four people have been on every fuck that same award show for like 10
years at this point.
I see that show like once every three fucking years.
It's the same God damn people.
Even Justin Timberlake went home at some point like guys,
since they don't show videos anymore,
it's fucking over,
right?
I don't know the fuck do I know?
Um,
anyways,
uh,
this is the Monday morning podcast.
I'm running my Yap here and a dude,
this is the last day of August in which means obviously tomorrow is September
1st and September.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say this is the greatest fucking month of
the year and starts the greatest four months of the year.
It's football season.
Baseball is,
is her hurdling towards the fucking,
uh,
hurdling are hurling cruising.
We'll pick a word I can use crucial towards the playoffs.
Hockey and hoops startup,
right?
You got thanksgiving,
which is the shit.
And then you got Christmas,
which is awesome.
If you married the right person
or you're not in jail right now,
he's heard the holidays.
We'll rough when you fucking locked down if listening to this somehow in jail.
Uh,
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm sorry about that.
You know,
I hope you're right.
He's nine.
I hope you're ready to send IOP.
Did it?
Jesus Christ.
Are you going to sit there eating that fucking slop?
Um,
anyways,
I wonder if they actually have a reprieve in prison during the holidays.
You know what I mean?
Like for like one day everyone can just walk around the yard and act like it's
like central park.
Uh,
the I the idea idealistic version of central park where you could just sort of
skip around with birds.
Like you're in a Walt Disney movie,
you know,
without the antisemitism of Walt Walt [inaudible].
Walt's,
they're not all bad.
How many times do you think they said that to him as he was drawing Pluto?
Um,
anyways,
so my big plans for this week,
aside from this is the final fucking week of my diet to get down to the weight
that I want to be at.
Um,
Thursday afternoon I'm going to a sick cow,
blah.
And,
uh,
I say Thursday afternoon because the games come on early out here and I'm going
to watch the beginning
of,
of the Michigan wolverines turning their football program around.
Huh?
Making the Ohio State Michigan game and actual factor again for the first time
in 15 years.
Jim Harbaugh,
ah,
I'm telling you if you,
you guys got us,
if he didn't look at it already,
just Google a picture.
Jim Harba first pitch Detroit Tigers.
Just look at that.
That guy is a fucking animal.
He's a maniac.
He's such as psycho grown men at the professional level.
Couldn't handle them anymore in San Francisco.
And now he's going to Michigan where they don't make any money,
at least illegally.
Right?
Okay.
They got to do what the fuck he says,
I'm telling you,
within two years,
this guy's going to turn this thing around.
I think they're going to make major leaps.
I'm hoping they are.
And all of a sudden that song will be able to be sung with pride again.
Come on Buckeye fans.
Sing it with me.
Huh?
Hail to the victors val yet hail to the victors val.
Yet hail.
Hail.
Tobish Shagan does Schomp then add something?
Um,
you know,
I think the number one reason why Ohio state's a hate,
hate Michigan is because they don't have as good a fight song.
Nobody knows what the fight song is for Ohio state.
They don't,
as much as woody Hayes jumped up and down and it had a temper Tantrum,
nobody gave a fuck about that song.
I don't know why.
There's like three songs that everybody knows.
They know that one.
Then I know yet bad,
bad,
bad Jesus labs as fuck and best and then the USC Trojans,
which is the worst.
I feel like I could have wrote that song.
Bad,
bad,
bad.
Do they play that song?
The reason number one reason why I fucking hate USC is a,
well,
when I was younger,
I a Notre Dame fan.
Then somewhere around the Lou Holtz,
I've talked about this before,
when sometime around the Lou Holtz when he was holier than thou and go,
yeah,
you need to do you believe you all that dumb shit.
And he was just like,
okay.
Trying to claim that they weren't doing steroids yet.
They were just as big as teams that were doing steroids.
It's just that classic religious God loves us best.
Touchdown,
Jesus horseshit.
Once I got older,
it started to annoy me,
but when they got really bad,
I don't want to see that happen the same way I hated watch your Michigan get
really bad.
I would hate to see that happen to our house state and I'm one of those weird
people because I lived in Massachusetts.
Um,
I like Ohio state and Michigan,
which makes no fucking sense,
but I like both of them and I want them to be both be great and kick the shit
out of each other in November.
Is that asking too much?
I don't think it is,
but getting back to USC,
those motherfuckers play
that song,
which isn't a bad song.
It's just they pummel you with it.
It's like a fucking Beyonce song by the end of the first quarter.
It's like,
I got it.
This song has been released.
Okay.
What if I,
if I pay 99 cents and downloaded on the iTunes kick,
can you stop playing it at least for eight fucking seconds?
Those stupid cunts at USC.
Okay.
They play that song every they,
they,
yeah,
they break the huddle on,
they play it.
Like that was some accomplishment.
Hey,
they're all on the same page and they're gonna try to execute this play.
It drives me up the fucking wall.
Like whenever I watch a USC game,
I just have my thumb on the mute button and I swear to God by the end of it,
I have like,
is it possible to have carpal tunnel in your thumb or whatever,
whatever the,
the,
the fucking tendon is in my forum.
It's a little sore there.
Right.
And then when I watched the late game,
I got my forearm and Ben Gay.
Um,
and I know what the fuck I'm talking about.
So anyways,
this is,
um,
okay.
So I had my way in yesterday.
I'm actually doing this podcast Monday morning.
I've been doing,
I'm Sunday nights recently,
but uh,
so I had my way and yesterday I had to get down to one 65,
um,
after a loss last week.
And the question was,
was a old Billy fucking flabby tits going to be fought?
Wait,
why?
Why?
I mean,
let's see.
I know what the fuck my record is.
I know I had two losses.
All right.
First Week on went down to one 83,
then down to one 80.
Then I had a loss.
Then once 77,
one 7,471,
then I had a loss
then.
Uh,
no,
I won that one.
Then I lost the next week.
All right,
so this,
this week would be to see if I'd be five and three or six and two,
five and three.
The season's starting to slip away.
Is there a trouble and freckle town?
How'd you get down to a buck 65?
And God dammit,
I got on the scale and I was drum roll one 65.0 made.
I made it.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
I had to go fucking skip rope for a couple of rounds,
the drop some waterway to make weight and my buddy goes,
dude,
that's cheating.
I'm like,
no,
it isn't.
It's not fucking cheating.
All right,
you're negative comment.
It's not fucking cheating.
Fighters do that all the time to make weight.
All I'm trying to do is make weight and I,
I,
I've weighed myself throughout all of this right after I worked out.
That is when I've weighed myself,
so that is consistent.
Now I know that I weigh a couple more pounds over that,
maybe even three more pounds over that.
All right,
but this is working for me,
so shut your fucking pie hole.
So this deal,
when I get down to a buck 62 next week,
which is the way I want it to be,
so I'll be one 62 after my workout.
All right.
Now what most people do at that point,
they go,
hey,
I made it and I'm going to have a cheeseburger and fries and become a fucking
addict again.
Sugar,
salt shows,
I'll shoot us all right.
Doing that shit when I'm going to then do is try to,
I'm going to start weighing myself after lunch,
seeing what that number is,
and then I'll get down to one 62 weighing myself after lunch every day.
So there you go.
I'm doing it in baby steps.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I'm an old man.
Um,
so anyways,
uh,
yeah,
I'm psyched.
I knew if I talked about this shit on the podcast,
I would have done it because if I didn't,
if I was just doing it on my own and they didn't have you guys hypothetically in
my fucking ear given me shit that I'm a loser because I didn't make it,
I probably would've stopped around a buck 72 of,
hey,
I'm going to be good.
They can get out of a fucking cookie.
Um,
but this morning,
uh,
today's like technically my day off.
So,
uh,
on my day off I still go do something because I'm at that age.
If I take a day off,
I'm still fucked.
Even if I eat well,
I don't understand.
I have to do something.
So,
um,
every fourth day,
my day off.
Right.
I do chest and Tris,
I do the fucking,
uh,
pull ups and all that shit the next day.
And then the next day I do legs.
And then on my day off I have to do something,
go for a walk or whatever.
But lately I've been riding a bike and,
uh,
so I'm riding up through the fucking hills out here and uh,
I'm fucking dying,
right?
I'm standing up in first and like first,
like the,
the easiest gear and I'm probably like gear six,
you know,
we get,
you got one,
two and three.
As far as level of difficulty,
I'm on one and I think I'm on gear for and I'm standing up.
Mm.
Every
fucking you know,
pedal that I'm doing right.
Every revolution.
And then I'm hearing this guy coming right up behind me and I'm just going off,
fuck this.
You know,
here comes one of these fucking guys just gonna fucking blow by me in this dude.
I thought it was,
but I thought it was gonna be somebody in their 20s,
maybe early thirties.
This fucking old man with his old legs with elasticity.
His legs gone.
Fucking blows by me,
blows by me still sitting in his seat on the bicycle.
Didn't even say hello.
He just went right by me.
I'm not even joking.
I know that sounds like a hacky fucking joke.
I swear to God.
And then within two turns,
I couldn't see him anymore.
He was gone and I was looking all the way up the hill and I just see this
fucking little guy all the way up the hill.
You know,
I was riding through the canyons and I'm looking all at the hill gone.
That's not him.
And I'm trying to look like between that guy,
whoever the fuck that guy is,
and me as we're going around the tone and turned out it was him.
He just fucking smoked.
Absolutely smoked me.
But um,
whatever we going to do.
But you don't spend motivate me to ride the bike every,
every fourth day.
It was Versie forsee going,
dude,
getting a bike at your,
eh,
no.
That's the biggest fucking waste of money.
His head,
that's in my head.
Every time I look at the bike,
I'm like,
I got to fucking put a hundred miles on that bike by the end of this year.
You know,
cause forsee is coming out this year.
I believe he's going to go to the rose bowl with this.
So at some point when I'm hammered,
I'm going to have to say it to him versus he not for fucking nothing.
Not for nothing.
I put a hundred miles out of miles in that bicycle.
Ah,
look at this.
That fucking stomach flat.
All right.
Um,
you know what kills me is I'm basically at a weight where I used to have abs and
I don't anymore because once you get the fucking stomach get done,
and I've been watching all these videos on how to get the fucking last,
you know,
right now I have the Cli,
I have the quintessential cunt belly.
Like you could
good.
You could fucking put me.
Ah,
I want to warn you right now.
This is going to be such a horrific visual,
but I got to do it.
You could put me in a pair of ladies Bikini Bottoms,
right?
And just just take a picture of my belly hanging over him and nothing else.
And you would think it was chicken.
Okay.
Oh,
that's adorable.
I wonder how old her taught her toddler is.
I have a little bit of baby fat here.
I got a baby bump.
It's almost worse than my beer belly.
The beer belly was really masculine.
You know what I mean?
That was becoming a big fucking teddy bear.
Like,
ah,
you know,
you know women love and when that guy's a little fat,
they love that Shit.
You know?
No other women are going to be looking at them.
They don't have to be intimidated that he's looking at her and says certain
fucking way.
Cause you know he's over there crushing it on the elliptical.
They like it.
They like when you are fucking dope.
That's like my wife.
She will not give me a fucking compliment.
I swear to God.
I swear to God you're not.
They'd say you go out and in like,
you know,
you end up marrying somebody just like your mom.
My mom was like that.
My mom.
Yeah.
I swear to God,
never navigate our compliments ever,
you know?
And I was thinking,
ah,
yeah,
you know,
she's so fucking,
yeah,
positive.
She says unbelievers,
this force,
her personality is incredible,
but when it,
you know,
whenever I'm fucking doing something,
like,
you know,
I learned something on the drums,
I go up and crush it as a comic or whatever.
I never,
not how fucking peep,
not a peep.
She says it to her friends.
I hear her compliments to me through her fucking friends.
That's how I hear it.
So the whole time,
right.
I'm sitting there,
you know,
as I'm dropping the weight,
I'm gonna to check it out.
I'm looking good.
Right?
Am I looking good?
She'd be like,
yeah,
you're looking good.
My,
come on man,
we typed drop like fucking six pounds.
She's like,
Bill,
I said,
you look good.
Jesus Christ.
Like that's the best I would get out of it.
And I'm such an insecure asshole.
I keep coming back,
you know,
like looking for this,
like does parental approval from her.
I gotta I gotta get past that.
That's what I've learned throughout all of this.
I know.
I look good.
I only her,
um,
anyways,
the fuck am I talking about here?
A 21 minutes in Jesus Christ.
It's time for a little bit of advertising here.
Um,
so that's the deal,
dude.
So,
um,
I'm not gonna lie to you dude.
I like to make weight this week because I fucked up so bad the previous week.
Uh,
I got on the scale and I was one 65.8 and then I went in the garage and I
finished my workout.
And then just to make doubly sure I skipped rope for six rounds.
MMM.
Does poor and sweat.
And then I came back in and I got on the scale and I was like one 63 point
something,
which I know is bullshit.
I'm probably about,
honestly,
after lunch,
walking around,
I'm probably like one 67,
one 68,
but I made weight.
So go fuck yourself.
That's a victory.
All right.
You can't get me.
I wanted on a technicality.
This isn't some Bella check cheating.
It was more gym or say in that I'm not going to get in trouble for it.
Um,
but by,
by Bob Boto Podo put it to put it.
Can't believe it.
I can't fucking wait.
I love September.
I love the,
I'm one of those people,
I love the end of the year and the beginning of the year.
It's these middle fucking months here that drive me fucking nuts with the summer
heat.
I love the beginning of the year where it's like,
oh man,
fucking a whole year clean slate.
What are we going to try to fucking fix?
What do we try to get better at?
All that type of shit.
What do I want to do?
Right.
And then I loved the end of the end of the year,
you know,
cause it's just like,
man,
I'm so happy to all these people in my life,
man.
You know,
as football,
it's fucking great.
It's,
it's really,
I think it's just August.
I fucking hate August.
I don't hate it.
Hate it.
I just,
it's just too fucking hot living out here in the desert,
living out here in the desert.
Um,
all right,
let's get to the fucking,
uh,
let's get to the things here.
Oh,
by the way,
I'm supposed to read this here.
Oh,
hey,
please.
I got to thank everybody who bought court McCown's comedy album.
Uh,
people who didn't get it can get it at www dot all things,
comedy.com,
uh,
the podcast network for the people.
Um,
oh and by the way,
next week we have some old friends are returning some old friends,
not going to be returning to the uh,
the advertising portion of the program.
Uh,
you might,
uh,
how can I tease that they are a game of skill.
Wink,
wink.
Um,
and we're happy to have him back there.
Good sports about it.
All right.
So uh,
I will,
I will respect their copy as much as I can
do all this shave club.
Everybody's stopped shaving with an old razor.
It's gross.
Why?
Why are you torturing yourself with the gross old blade week after God Damn
Week?
You know,
probably part of it is cause you don't want to shell out 20 bucks for a pack of
new ones.
Well,
dollar shave club has revolutionized the way men shave with dollar shave club.
You can shave with a fresh blade as often as you want because they deliver a
whole sleeves of amazing,
a whole sleeve of amazing razors for just a few bucks a month.
The razors are so good.
Millions of guys have joined.
This is a no brainer.
Even the billion dollar razor corporations are freaking out,
but instead of lowering their bloated prices,
they're trying to fool you into milking the same blade for an entire month.
And that's gross.
They've priced gouged us for long enough.
I wish this guy was around whoever started this company back when they were
killing us on cds,
compact discs.
I'm never go back to squeezing weeks and weeks of shaves out of uh,
out of a disgusting Rusty Blade,
joined dollar shave club and use a fresh blade whenever you want.
It feels amazing and it's a third of the price.
Join the millions of others who've joined,
uh,
who figured out the smarter way to shave.
Join Dollar Shave club now by going to dollar shave club.com/spur that's dollar
shave club.com/bar do you realize what this guy did?
This guy is so brilliant who started this company,
it was just
like
razor blades are probably marked up like what?
Conceding this guy can sell them for a dollar.
They have to be marked up like 15000%
okay.
Or 20,000 or whatever the fucking percentages.
And this guy was just like,
yeah,
fine.
I'll just mark them up 1000%.
It's like,
what's his face in a,
it's like that guy that figured out how to pick the mark,
the uh,
pick the uh,
parking meters and said,
I ain't go rob a fucking bank.
They got cameras.
I'll just fucking take the change.
Well,
and eventually allowed up to my fortune.
Granted,
the guy got caught.
It's like,
what should prior and that superman movie,
whether it was at half a cent leftover and everybody's fucking paycheck,
right?
And then he just took the half a cent times a zillion fucking people.
Then all of a sudden he had half a zillion Penny's bill.
We get it.
All right.
Legal Zoom,
everybody.
Do you want the government to decide what happens to your property and minor
children if not,
make the commitment to protect your family with the last will or living trust
today,
today it's national.
Make a will month again this month.
Everybody at legal,
zoom.com and doing the right thing.
Oh,
it's never been easier.
They've created a better way for your spouse to take control of your family's
future.
Wait a minute.
What about me?
My dead at this point.
Why don't want to give my spouse control?
I don't like the way that was worded.
Check out legal zooms,
new last will and living trust bundles.
Obviously I'm dead right there,
right?
The more you plan ahead with wills,
trusts,
and powers of attorney,
the more you save.
Even your,
even if you're confused about all the options,
don't let that hold you back.
Dive right in.
You can use their online resources in estate planning tool to help you figure
out what you need or get more specific guidance from legalzoom's network of
independent attorneys in most states since they're not a law firm.
I think that's one of the worst written state sentences ever of attorneys in
most states since they're not a law firm.
What is this sense?
They're not a lot from that little tag there,
hanging off there like some sort of appendix drives me nuts every week.
Anyways,
don't procrastinate when it comes to protecting your family.
Don't procrastinate when it comes to protecting your family.
See all the pause,
screws it up.
I was like,
don't procrastinate when it comes to protecting your family.
It's don't procrastinate when it comes to protecting your family.
Get legal help.
You can,
you can count on@legalzoom.com today.
Don't forget to enter Burr and the referral box at checkout to save even more.
That's legalzoom.com Promo Code [inaudible],
legalzoom.com legalzoom.com Promo Code Burr.
All right,
there you go.
Quick advertising me running my Yap every fucking week.
Just read the copy bill.
You're dumb cunt.
Um,
all right,
let's,
let's keep moving here.
Uh,
so anyways,
what a fucking week.
What a fucking sports week.
Tennis fans or even non tennis fans,
US Open starts this week.
Starts today actually.
And,
uh,
after reading that Andre Agassi book,
I feel like I can watch it much better than I used to watch it.
You know what?
It's funny,
I used to sit there,
I used to get tired when I used to love watching women's tennis,
aside from the fact that they will hot,
you know,
running around with the fucking little skirts on there.
Um,
it was only the best two out of three.
So I could sit there and watch the whole fucking thing,
uh,
the men set.
When I would go five fucking sets,
I'd be like,
Jesus Christ,
this is,
you know,
three,
four hours.
And now that I've actually read Agassi's book,
because I'm such a self-involved Douche bag,
I never sat there and wondered like,
wait a minute,
like a football game takes three hours.
Baseball game takes three hours,
but you don't get the ball every fucking play.
These guys are like running backs,
running the ball for three to four hours.
Um,
I don't think I ever fully appreciated,
yeah,
the physical condition that you have to be in to,
uh,
to play that game.
So I'm really excited to,
um,
to watch it this year.
You know,
even like the earlier rounds or whatever,
now that I,
I can't,
can't recommend that book enough and I feel like I've,
I've recommended it so much.
I'm starting to know you guys,
so I'm going to get off the subject.
I watched a little baseball this week.
I actually watched a Yankees Braves game.
I keep missing the games with this score and like 20 runs and then they have
like the fucking outfielder come in to pitch.
But,
um,
I gotta tell you,
man,
I am envious of what a,
the Yankees have done man.
Like they,
they kept it to number one,
uh,
prospects,
that kid bird.
And then that picture I got,
got to watch that kid 21 years old man,
fucking crushing it on the mound.
Um,
and then some guy in the,
in the broadcast booth goes,
you know,
do you know this is not what they used to do.
They,
you still always try to buy it and blah,
blah,
blah.
And it's just like,
no,
they've done this before.
When George Steinbrenner got suspended because he got suspended,
they ended up not trading away.
Passata I don't think they have already traded away Jeter,
but Jeter,
Bernie Williams,
Andy Pettitte,
Jorge Posada and Marianna Rivera.
If George Steinbrenner did not get suspended,
there's no fucking way he wouldn't have traded away at least three of those and
one of them would have,
I bet he would have traded away Marianna Rivera because at first they had him
pitch in like,
you know,
seventh and eighth innings or whatever.
He wasn't a fucking start.
He would have tossed him.
He definitely would have got rid of Andy Pettitte Christ's he did it anyways.
Bernie Williams,
he would have probably got an impatient with Jorge Posada.
He would have just tossed in there.
You would have made some dumb move like that.
So I dunno,
I just feel like the way Tampa is doing it and the way Kansas City is doing it,
um,
I think was always the way to do it.
It's still the way to do it.
I just think what the Yankees did and then the Red Sox,
you know,
doing it too and a couple other teams.
I mean,
you're just not successful when you do it for the most part.
And then you've blown 180 to $200 million.
Look at us.
How much fucking money did we spend?
We are 12 and a half games out of first
just wallowing around in the fucking sell off.
Um,
so,
I mean,
I don't hate the Yankees the way I used to itself where we won three world
series.
I mean it's,
the fucking movie ended when we came back and oh for and won the world series.
It was over.
You know what I mean?
I'll always not like them,
but they don't have that,
that fucking thing that they can hold over us anymore.
But,
um,
despite that,
I'll always,
you know,
not like the Yankees,
but,
um,
I know I always respect the team when they,
when they do something the right way.
So I'm,
I'm kind of psyched that they're in it and Kansas City is fucking crushing it
because most,
some of my fate,
the most favorite baseball ever watch was those late seventies,
early eighties.
Um,
back before they had the wildcard and it was for the American League pennant,
the Elcs,
those Yankees,
Kansas City wants.
And yet Kansas City can never beat the fucking Yankees.
And then they finally did in 1980 and I was so god damn site too,
because we can never beat him.
And then of course they lost to the Phillies and the world series,
but one horrific call,
five years later they'd beat the cardinals.
Um,
anyways,
plowing ahead here.
Um,
I saw a really annoying ad on the side of a bus today as I was ending my bike
ride.
Um,
uh,
it was this thing on the side of a bus about wearing condoms and it was two guys
and then a woman in the middle.
And she was both telling them,
okay,
to have some willpower and use a condom.
Yeah.
And once again with all the bitching out there about all this sexist fucking
shit out there.
I guess maybe that's sexist because like what you were going to have a threesome
with these two guys so maybe I guess women could pitch on that level.
But as a guy,
I'm sitting there looking at it,
thinking about all the women that I got with like how many times,
right.
The moment of truth and you go to reach for the condom.
Have you been with a woman who would go,
Oh God,
condoms,
but just sort of whisper that and literally you'd feel like that fucking in your
fucking stomach and your heart at the same time.
Like,
yeah,
I think I'm putting on too thick.
I'm putting on too old.
Unless of course you were drunk and be like,
yeah,
hey,
don't kill.
I have no idea where it just cut out.
I moved my fucking,
God dammit.
I moved my computer.
Fortunately I only talked for a couple of seconds there.
I was talking about that condom man.
I don't know where the fuck I left you out of here.
Um,
I was just thinking how funny would it be if they actually,
how long would that add last if they put a woman there and on in that ad and the
guy's reaching for the condom and the woman said,
Oh God,
I hate condoms.
You can never have it.
They would be flipping the fuck out.
Oh,
by the way,
you know,
I watched,
I watched a little bit of the,
uh,
Christ.
Who the hell is playing the Raiders?
What a fucking uniform,
by the way,
I'm going to,
I'm saying right now that's the best uniform at sports pursuit.
You'd have silver and black.
Come on,
man.
You can't fuck with that.
I swear to God now
that Al Davis has gone,
if any douche comes along and fucks with that emblem or those colors,
you know,
I felt bad for rate of feds is they will,
they will holding those signs up once again,
stay in Oakland.
You know what I mean?
Why do they put those fans through that shit?
Fucking babies,
man.
You started in Oakland.
They love you.
Why don't you pony up and fucking give a little bit of money towards your own
fucking stadium,
you ass hole instead of holding your fan base hostage like that.
So ridiculous.
What the fuck they put those fans throw,
you know.
Anyways,
we 20 years.
Yeah,
we're going to leave.
Go Fuck Yourself.
MMM.
So anyway,
so I'm watching it.
They're playing the cardinals and they were showing the,
the first female coach than the first female referee.
And then,
you know,
I'm watching Fox and they had ladies' night where they had the women all,
anchors and all that type of stuff.
And um,
now that women are,
and then you know that down on the fucking field bugging the coaches as they're
running into the locker room.
I'm going to say just as a male football fan,
now that you guys have completely infiltrated the fucking league,
you're basically at all levels.
I know you're still going to blow or you got an owner or whatever.
You're going to keep complaining all the way up to the top.
Can you do me a favor?
Just do me this favor Kenyan,
not ruin it.
Can you do that?
Can you not ruin it the way you fucking ruined?
You've ruined every guy's only thing.
Whether it was sexist or not.
You know what I mean?
I don't give a fuck that you're in the league.
I don't give a fuck that you coach and that you're reffing.
I don't give a fuck if you own a fucking team.
I don't give a fuck.
Just don't ruin it.
Okay?
Fucking learn how to roll with a joke.
Learn how to just be one of the,
learn how to be fucking cool.
Just fucking do that.
Just,
that's all I ask.
Don't fucking ruin it.
Okay?
Every 10 fucking seconds complaining.
You know what I mean?
About how your feelings got hurt.
All right?
Just fucking learn how to laugh at yourself and be one of the guys and I mean
that figuratively.
I don't mean that like in any sexist fucking white.
Just don't fucking ruin it.
Okay?
Not Jesus.
What are the fucking odds?
What are the odds that they're not going to ruin it?
You know what I mean?
And turn it into,
I swear to God,
my biggest fear is within 10 years,
the combination of all the women that they're now going to add into the league,
which they're not doing because they like women.
They're doing it because of the ray rice thing.
They got to turn it around.
That's how bad Roger Goodell fucked up so bad with that ray rice thing.
Only suspending that guy for four fucking games out of the gate when he knocked
his fiance out and dragged her down the hall like a fucking Cave Man.
They fucked.
He fucked that thing up so goddamn bad.
Do you realize that within one football season,
he fucking suspends Tom Brady for four games for absolutely nothing.
And there's the first female head coach.
I mean,
I coach all,
he fucked that thing up so bad that he,
he this,
this is the way he had to overcompensate so he could keep his $40 million a year
job.
So anyways,
yeah.
Just don't be like,
just please for the love of God.
Okay.
You know that broad that makes everything about herself.
Don't,
don't be that fucking person.
All right.
Just please don't fucking do that.
My biggest fear is that within 10 fucking years with all this,
this,
you know,
talk about concussions and all that and all the women that they're going to,
now you know the flood gates are open,
they're going to add into the league.
My biggest fear is that like within 10 years they're going to be playing two
hand touch or flag football and it's just a,
it's just going to be over.
She's going to be over.
You know what I mean?
I just,
I dunno,
just don't ruin it.
Can you not do that?
I'm like,
even like out here,
oh fuck.
I didn't like,
I'm a long time ago.
Like in the writer's room of this one show,
right.
They were on like the fucking eighth season and they're sitting around trying to
come up with storylines for characters that they've written for for well over a
hundred episodes.
At that point,
you're out of ideas.
That's usually when you have a character getting married.
They have a baby.
The cousin comes to town like Oliver.
They mean the Brady bunch.
They did so many episodes.
They had like nine characters on that show.
Three boys,
three girls,
mom and dad and Alice.
And then Alice had to get a boyfriend and it just kept going and going and
going.
They became a music group.
They went to Hawaii,
they went to the Grand Canyon.
And when they will finally out of fucking ideas,
this fucking kid,
Oliver,
the seventh kid,
that 10th character shows up,
who the fuck was he?
They did one whole episode that was about an entirely different family.
Okay.
That adopted a white kid,
a black kid and an Asian kid.
Like they would just add a fucking idea.
So anyways does show that,
I'm not going to name there in the writer's room,
they eight,
nine seasons in.
And they had like,
they are at that point where they got to go to Hawaii or they got to go to the
Grand Canyon or add all over.
So they're sitting around trying to come up with new storylines.
So one of the writers is a joke suggests that one of the characters rapes the
other character and blah,
blah,
which is totally over the top and fucking absurd.
And there was a woman in the writer's room and she fucking sued.
You know what I mean?
He making,
is he,
is he really,
Geez.
Is He really going to sit there and take that literally in a comedy writing
room?
That's what I mean.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's my big fear is that's going to happen.
It's like no,
any sort of ball breaking,
we'll have to be done with it.
Like I'm just picturing guys in the locker room having to look over this
shoulder before they make some stupid fucking joke.
You know,
just imagine Ken Stabler whispering a joke in a locker room can even picture
that.
That's what I'm worried about it,
it's,
it's going to ruin it.
It's going to definitely have an impact.
Um,
I,
in a good way,
but also a negative way.
I just don't understand.
Like,
um,
yeah,
and I'm sure we ask them this.
I'm not saying this as like,
maybe you guys think I'm a fucking pig here.
I'm just asking is,
is there anything guys can just have,
they could just be guys only that won't be considered like some sort of
Illuminati sexist fucking thing that's holding women down.
Can they can,
is there a place where guys can just hang out and not have to look over their
shoulder and worry about offending somebody?
You know what I mean?
Where is our brunch
that's got,
it's going to end up happening.
Guys are going to have to start going to Brunch,
you know,
and then it was going to happen is if they have a guy's only brunch,
it's going to annoy women on some level and eventually they're going to have to
go there just because we say that they can't,
it's fucking unreal.
They have all women gyms.
I don't give a fuck and I'll try to show up there and my speedos go,
oh,
I should be able to use an elliptical in here too.
You know?
I mean,
I don't know.
I am also saying this too,
as a worker bee,
I don't run any company,
by the way,
before you get all,
Fuck Jesus Christ,
what are you going to do anyways?
Let's plow ahead it ladies just don't fucking ruin it.
Okay?
Please don't do that.
Like you've ruined titty bars.
Okay.
I used to a bit about that.
You know,
women's just started going to titty bars and then they would look over it.
You will be like,
this isn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be.
And I was like,
yeah,
cause you're here.
Leave and it'll get,
it'll get fucking crazy again.
Everybody's on their best behavior because mom's here.
All right,
let's,
uh,
let's plow ahead hill.
Uh,
Donald Trump.
All right,
Bill,
people are getting seriously worried about Trump.
I see very liberal friends of mine making posts,
yearning people to not mention his name because it'll just perpetuate what they
believe would be the downfall of the country.
I get that.
He's a bit out there,
but even if he get elected,
how bad could it be?
I'm sure some of your listeners alike,
like my paranoid friends.
Uh,
should they be worried?
Um,
should they be worried that an absolute dope would be in the White House?
Uh,
how did you like George W.
Bush?
How did you like that guy?
Did you enjoy when he was in the office when you had a guy who couldn't complete
a fucking,
couldn't get through a sentence without stuttering to me sounded like me.
That was a bit I used to do.
I used to say I liked George W.
Bush.
You know why he makes me feel like I could be president too.
That's literally what I felt like.
I was like,
I went to summer school at this guy.
Like the president shouldn't give a guy like me hope.
You know what I mean?
That's all that I'm saying.
And I got to be honest with you,
these simplistic way that this guy talks about major things like just bombing
people in the Middle East and the way he talks about Mexicans,
it's a tough like that.
Um,
yeah,
there's something about him that he's very cartoonish.
So I think it's very easy to think that,
uh,
that he isn't like a bad thing.
But that thing there where he told that to a guy from the,
uh,
the Latino Guy,
he's a citizen of the country and when they are escorting him out,
that fucking white guy,
he goes,
get it out of my country.
What kind of an adult says that get out of my country?
Like it's his sandbox.
I mean,
it's not necessarily Trump,
it's the kind of people that gravitate towards that guy.
And as much as I've loved his honesty,
let's forget about all the racist shit the guy has said.
Um,
I,
I just,
I be,
even if he wasn't racist,
like he doesn't have the intellect for that job.
You know what I mean?
I mean,
you're talking about limited the guy fucking,
he hosts a reality show as much as he runs around talking about this empire he
has,
I don't buy it.
It's like if he truly had all the money he had and truly had all this success he
had,
would he really have time to decide if if fucking Sheena Easton or,
or,
uh,
Lindsay Davenport is going to make us better see CEO for this company that
doesn't even fucking exist.
You know what I mean?
The one thing I will say is I've loved his honesty and that he sticks to what
the fuck he's gonna say.
And I hope it encourages more politicians,
to be honest.
But at the end of the day,
you have to have somebody in there that has the pedigree.
I mean,
come on dude.
Like you'd look at it.
Donald Trump,
dude.
Okay.
Just imagine him is he's,
he's somebody in the NFL draft as a quarterback.
All right.
Can this guy make all the throws?
How's his footwork?
Is he patting the ball?
If his number one receiver is covered,
is he really going to have the calmness in his head when he's standing in the
pocket and it's closing in to check down to receivers two,
three,
and four?
I don't think he is.
I don't think he's presidential material,
but,
um,
the fact that the,
the kinds of people that he's stirring up like racist people who say,
get out of my country,
um,
it's kind of making Pat Buchanan look like,
uh,
like John Denver.
So I'm,
I don't think you're,
you're,
I think you're underreacting as much as your friends are overreacting.
Um,
I don't think any one person has the ability to,
uh,
be the downfall of the country.
Obviously he doesn't have that level of power.
And I actually think if he did get elected that both Republicans and Democrats
would resent him.
And I don't think that they would work with him the same way.
If somebody from one of,
you know,
the third party's got elected,
they just wouldn't work with them because it would be great for their own
argument that if you elect a guy from this party,
or if you elect a guy like this,
see he can't get anything done.
And they would act like a bunch of babies,
Republicans and Democrats,
because it's really not about doing what's right for American people.
It's about winning.
That's all they give a fuck about.
It's the same way why I won't watch it.
And like a debate on CNN or Fox or,
or any of those shows,
even like Bill Maher show real time,
which is kind of outside of that shit.
So much of watching that when you listen to people argue,
they're not listening to the other person,
they're thinking about the next point and they just want to win.
And um,
I don't know.
I find all of that shit,
like it gives me a headache,
you know,
it's kind of like,
um,
I don't know.
Like my fucking wife watches those God damn reality shows all the time,
you know,
come home and it's just like 10 women screaming at each other.
Right.
And then it's bad enough she watches that show.
Then she watches the show with that dude there,
uh,
whenever his fucking name is.
And then it's like they do the recap of the series and then that fucking guy,
he just brings up all the bad shit that they said about each other and stirs
them up all over again.
And,
uh,
it's like,
why the fuck would I want to sit here and want listen to 10 women screaming at
each other for the life of me?
I'll never understand why my wife watches that shit.
You know?
Okay.
Of all the shit out there that,
you know,
I,
making women look bad.
Like those fucking shows where they just walking around with did dumb with their
fucking horse shoes.
Like they're going down to the club and there's still 21 trying to get a
boyfriend and they're in their fifties.
It's like,
what,
when are you going to grow up?
Get yourself some flats,
give you toes a for the last 30 years of your life,
you know?
All right,
passion for cars.
Dear Bill,
my dead,
uh,
has an older Porsche nine 11.
He's currently restoring these currently restoring and hopes to pass.
Pass it on to me some day.
Wow,
man,
your dad's fucking cool.
He goes,
I don't exactly share the same passion and knowledge of God
as the worst.
Are You rebelling against Your Dad?
He goes,
I don't exactly share the same passion for our knowledge for cars,
especially when it comes to Porsches.
He takes a lot of pride in the work he puts into it.
I'm the same way with my hobbies.
Can you make his passion for classic cars relatable to a guy who is perfectly
content driving in o four Hyundai Elantra?
Can you describe what it's like to go through?
What goes through your mind when you look at a classic car?
The feelings and the emotions Jesus Christ do.
Can you give me more of a difficult task?
You obviously you don't have a passion for it.
MMM.
What goes through my mind?
It's not even what goes,
it's a feeling when you're looking at a piece of,
yeah.
All right.
Like I think cars right through like a
right to this.
I was talking to rogue and about that Rogan was fucking hilarious.
The other night I saw him at the comedy store.
Joe Rogan said that American cars,
they made the best looking cars right up through the 1960s and then on turn on a
dime and from like the mid seventies on made the ugliest fucking cars ever feel
like,
I don't know,
10 or 15 years barring a couple,
two or three.
Um,
so what I consider classic cars or early seventies all the way back and then
there's a few cars from like the 80s that remind me like,
oh my buddy had one of those and we get shit faced and stuff like that.
Um,
I can tell you this now that I've got my truck,
68 f 100 off,
fixed up,
rebuilt engine,
new exhaust system,
all the lights on at work except for the interior light.
When I opened the door,
the radio lightworks the brakes work.
Fuck.
It starts right up when I'm driving down the street and I'm running through the
gears,
shifting on the column and I got my arm hanging out the window.
This is,
I can't,
there's,
it's not a describable feeling.
You either love that or you don't.
And I was sitting the other night at a red light listening to my truck idling.
And I am hard pressed
to think of a better sound that,
that I've ever heard.
When you just sitting at a light,
it's got bowled over all the,
and you run into the fucking gay,
it's just the greatest.
You either have that in your blood or you don't.
MMM.
And the fact that your dad is into Porsche's,
I always felt that the people who are into the European stuff,
specifically the performance cars,
like the guys that I've run into that are into them are usually,
you know,
I'm not trying to shit on Americans here,
but they're highly intelligent and um,
you know,
just like the car refined and there's like,
I,
what I would do it,
I would read up on those cars.
I'd read up on Formula One racing.
You know,
I read this great book called the limit.
I just don't think you're going to be into it,
but it kind of talks about a formula one racing at its peak when you with
somebody like died every other race.
And it talks about the Italians,
the Germans and the English,
uh,
racing teams of that time.
I don't know,
watch some old movies.
What was it Steve Mcqueen or was that Paul Newman that did the lamonds movie?
I want to say it was Steve Mcqueen.
I know you're either into it or are you not like this?
This car's out there that I just look at.
Like why,
why did they stop making this design?
Like I swear to God the,
the two door sedan,
like,
like those Gtos,
the,
uh,
the Ford galaxies,
the Pontiac's,
the Buick's,
the two door fucking sedans that they had those long with the long trunks.
They were the meanest look and fucking sedans and even just the baddest looking
fucking cars.
I just looked at him like,
what the fuck?
Why the fuck would you stop making that?
I mean,
I learned on the Seinfeld chose because about safety that they have all the cars
today,
like the car that you drive.
If I looked at that real quick,
I can't tell the difference between that and a fucking Lexus or,
uh,
I,
they all look like dinner rolls to me.
Um,
before you give up on it,
I would say actually go rent a classic car.
MMM.
Do you understand how the whole thing works?
How the engine works and all that?
Once you learn how that works,
the brilliance of it.
And then if you just read up on racing and all this stuff that they do,
just to try to get another hundredth of a second,
maybe that will light the fire.
But I don't think I can help you if you,
if you don't have a problem driving an o four.
Hi Hyundai Elantra.
I don't think there's any,
you know,
and you know what,
to be honest with you,
there's nothing wrong with it.
If you're not into it.
I'm not gonna sit there and force my passion on to you.
But,
uh,
I will say,
you know,
if you had your dad ever wants to hang out,
let me know cause I'd love to see that car.
All right.
Sunglasses,
dear bill,
my wife told me I look stupid and aviators because I'm 34 years old and not in
high school.
Uh,
that just the fucking worse.
Can you imagine if you've ever said that to her?
Hey,
you look bad and Spaghetti straps.
You're not fucking 21 anymore.
Yeah.
Me,
how long before she even remotely consider fucking you again?
Um,
anyways,
uh,
he goes,
I'm not going to send you a picture,
but I really don't look bad in them.
Uh,
they don't look to flashing.
I never once heard anyone say anything I've been where,
when I've been wearing them so long that it blew my mind that it was something
that bothered her.
What the fuck kind of sentences that they don't look too flashy and I never once
heard anyone say anything,
period.
Oh,
you're not using capitals.
Just helps me.
I've been wearing them so long that it blew my mind that it was something that
bothered her.
I think she doesn't like that they are youthful and she sees me and pictures and
college wearing them as assumes that I put them on.
I'm going to start boozing during the day and bang and soft six is that those
days of by me,
she's being insecure,
right?
Yeah.
She's being an asshole.
She's been an asshole.
Dude.
Aviators are great.
There's nothing wrong with them.
They're cool sunglasses and you look cool on them.
It'd be one thing if you were wearing like z Kava Ricci's or a,
I don't know,
something else that's out of style that I can't really think of it this moment.
But,
uh,
now she's being an asshole.
She's actually,
she,
yeah,
she's being insecure.
Look,
dude,
if you were out of shape and he was still wearing a tank top and he had
grandmother arms,
she's looking out for you.
You know what I mean?
But,
uh,
I'd have to see them.
Are they old?
But it's not like aviators ever fell off.
Really.
The classic sunglasses.
I think he should still wear them.
And uh,
I think there is a thing that when you're in a relationship,
if you're not careful,
um,
there's a part of you that can say something,
uh,
that comes from a place that isn't,
isn't positive.
It could come from a place of like insecurity or resentment.
Um,
okay.
I would guess you probably look cool.
And Are you driving down the street?
Maybe that bothers him.
I have no idea.
But I mean that's pretty pedestrian.
A pair of aviators.
I mean,
that's like a pair of blue jeans.
I mean it's,
it,
that's,
those things are timeless.
I don't know what her problem is.
What does she want you to wear?
Those fucking old people wrap around glasses.
Okay.
So she can feel okay that you're not going down to the fucking fruit store and a
banging the chick behind the counter.
I Dunno.
Yeah.
Fuck her.
I'd still wear the glasses.
I just say,
listen,
I like him.
And uh,
you know,
I don't make fun of your sports bras.
What is that supposed to be?
All right.
Computer a bill.
I don't own a computer anymore.
Uh,
some people downgrade their phones.
Ari Shaffir did so and he said he's loving not having all the distractions of a
phone in his pocket.
I went the other way.
I'm here to tell you that is an absolute pain in the ass.
I know you've never suggested not owning a at all,
but boy,
Oh boy do I wish I had a shitty computer as opposed to no computer.
I don't know what I was thinking.
I should have gotten rid of my phone when I ran on my laptop.
What,
when I read on my laptop,
it's usually informative stuff.
My question is,
do you think you could go without a computer or a smartphone,
assuming you would record in a podcast studio?
Uh,
and Nia could handle anything you really needed?
I could definitely downgrade my phone.
I could definitely do that.
Um,
and I'm definitely,
uh,
an attic when it comes to that type of stuff.
You know,
looking at my phone,
I wish I never went from a flip phone to a smart phone.
I wish I never did that.
I will tell you now that I'm doing a show,
you know,
right in this show and there's new drafts and that type of stuff that's
constantly being emailed to me and everything.
And a,
or somebody just emailed some notes,
people communicate through email.
So if I couldn't get emails on my phone,
I'd have to kind of be walking around.
So I think at this point
I'm kind of married to it in a way.
I mean,
I can,
I guess I could,
I could,
I could do the phone thing,
but a computer,
uh,
I couldn't do that.
No.
I love going on the Internet and every,
any thought I had,
I could look up information on it.
I,
I love having that.
I just don't like the,
uh,
yeah.
I don't like having to download new operating systems that fill up my computer
and make my computer.
That totally worked fine.
All of a sudden obsolete.
And,
um,
I know part of that is progress,
but I think that a lot of it is pushing the,
her towards having to get rid of these things that,
you know,
who's kidding,
who or anything that you throw out unless it's biodegradable,
which a computer certainly is and it really hurts the environment.
And I think,
uh,
you know,
I don't like being a part of that,
but I am,
I'm in the herd man.
When the herd stampedes I kinda got to run with it.
I guess I could do,
I could not do the phone thing.
I could definitely do that.
I've done shit before,
you know,
in the late nineties,
a couple times I got rid of cable and that type of thing.
And,
uh,
it was pretty cool and I had an amazing amount of free time,
but I got to tell you,
dude,
I fucking Miss Sports.
Like you wouldn't believe.
But,
um,
I don't know.
As,
as I've gotten older,
I watch a lot less TV,
but maybe that's because I got replaced by being on the computer a lot more.
I don't fucking know.
Anyways,
pool our vacation home bill.
Simple question.
My wife and I are debating the pros and cons of having a pool installed versus
buying a home up in Maine.
Uh,
they're actually not far and costs by the time you dig through all the Rock in
my New Hampshire backyard.
What are your thoughts here?
I know you don't have a pool,
so maybe you could tell me what you would do.
A,
I'd buy the house.
I buy the house because that's going to increase in value,
I would think more so than the pool.
And you in New Hampshire and even with global warming,
how much,
how many months out of the year can you use the pool?
Um,
you can't rent out your pool and earn money off of it.
You can't,
you know,
in a pinch,
just sell off your pool to save your house,
uh,
up in Maine.
You could,
I would say by the house in Maine.
And then with the money that you're earning by renting that out up in Maine,
um,
I would fucking use that money towards home improvements.
And your place in New Hampshire,
like having a pool day,
you'd go,
oh,
there you go.
This is your financial tips from a standup comedian.
And why would you listen to me when it comes to that shit?
All right,
that's the podcast for this week.
Everybody,
um,
oh man,
I gotta I gotta say the name of this fucking drummer that this this person sent
to me.
Jesus Christ.
I got to tell you something,
dude.
I've been taking these lessons,
right?
Um,
and I am seeing like such a fucking improvement in my plane and I was really
feeling great about it.
And then all of a sudden,
you know,
and obviously I know I'm not a professional drummer,
but you know your hobby,
you want to get better at it.
It's fucking makes you feel good,
right?
And then somebody sent me this fucking video,
I gotta make sure lead Pearson,
this drummer dude and this guy,
this fucking Solo,
this guy does.
You would've thought a guy was playing and he was getting,
he was going in the crowd going nuts.
Like they will listen to a guitar solo and I'm sorry,
Guitar Soloist.
You know the fucking deal and those big shows,
if he just fucking take a guitar,
right?
And you just go bang,
I'm mirror and look at the crowd,
the all golf
Wang going out and then they just do that fucking shit.
Drums.
Everybody goes to the fucking bathroom during the drum solo or a lot of people
do write this fucking guy had them going nuts.
Like he was like,
he was up there playing eruption on guitar,
man.
So I'm gonna,
I'm gonna actually put this video up.
I don't really have that video,
uh,
that somebody sent me on Twitter,
which I really appreciate.
A home,
Sam,
his last name,
right?
Lead Pearson.
Jesus Christ.
What a fucking based on drums.
Um,
and then also,
you know,
I've talked before,
you guys know I love Italians,
right?
You've got to know that at this point.
And I love their food and I'll,
so I am a closet Italian when it comes to,
uh,
you know,
a lot of shit.
And,
uh,
so I'm,
I'm,
you know,
when I get through this whole diet thing,
I've always wanted to try and make it like a Sunday gravy,
which is basically a,
you just pick three,
four meats that you want to brown up in a pan.
You make some fucking meatball meatballs.
Then he'd throw it all in a fucking tomato sauce and you slow cooking and then
you make some pasta and then you just fuck it.
It's just,
do they throw like fucking spare ribs in there?
Meatballs,
sweet Italian sausage.
And they crazy as shit.
Like Anthony Bourdain had like fucking ox tail and like the more traditional
lower grade meets in there that you have to cook a long time,
really slow to get the flavor and get them to like be tender.
I can't wait to fucking do that.
So,
but there's this guy,
uh,
I sent the video to Farsi.
Uh,
it's fucking hilarious.
Well,
first of all,
I'll let you know the youtube,
it opens with one of the worst songs I've ever heard in my fucking life.
But when you watch this fucking guy is Italian guy,
go into the grocery store,
you have to see the look on his face when he's getting his ingredients,
the the look on his face,
like Germans have had less serious looks on their faces trying to win world wars
and this guy's just picking out fucking garlic in like he's fucking like the
look of intensity.
I was crying,
laughing.
Um,
and this is what my appreciation of Italians is being German,
mostly German and Irish,
Scottish,
I got English,
Dutch,
French and all that.
But I'm mostly,
you know,
German,
Irish and the complete lack of giving a fuck
when it comes to the food compare,
like watching like Italians,
how much they give a shit.
I literally,
I'm crying laughing because it,
it,
it just,
I don't know,
it's so comical compared to what I'm used to where everything was fucking
boiled,
salt and pepper and you just turn it on high and cook the shit out of it.
Now I know that there was some good Irish cuisine and German cuisine before I go
listen to all your fucking bitch moaning and complaining.
But don't even try to remotely act that there's any dish in Scotland,
Ireland,
England,
uh,
the Netherlands,
Germany,
I can't say France because they have some good food,
but all those other countries,
there's not one.
All of your best dishes combined can't fuck
with,
with just,
just,
just a fucking bowl of pasta and some sauce in Italy.
You know it's true.
I know it's true.
So I'm watching this guy making this fucking thing and it's in his fuck.
It's a bunch of older guys and I,
and I love old guys with their corny fucking jokes.
Like one of them,
he was making some marriage joke.
He goes,
hey,
he goes,
you know,
when you get married there's the three rings,
there's engagement wing and the engagement ring,
the wedding ring and this suffering.
And then I'll,
ah,
fuck allow,
I love old guy,
corny fucking jokes.
And he's having his buddies over and he makes this unbelievable fucking meal and
they all sit down eating it and then they all talk about like,
this reminds me of my mother's cooking.
This is as good as my mother's.
And like,
that's like the highest level compliment.
The whole fucking thing is just awesome and you got to watch this video.
Um,
and it doesn't even look that difficult as far as like,
the ingredients aren't that difficult.
It's course all about the way that you,
a season it and the guys catch phrases as he's doing,
he just keeps looking at the camera.
He goes,
blah,
blah.
And that's all the flavor.
And they looked at the camera,
he's like,
how you doing?
You know?
And he does it like 50 times.
It's funny the first seven times and then it starts getting old and then he just
keeps doing it so many fucking times that it literally becomes funny again.
Um,
I dunno,
it just made me want to,
I gotta go,
I gotta go.
I gotta go to Italy.
At least go to little Italy something.
Anyways,
so anyways,
that's a podcast for this week.
Can I say anyways any more times?
That's a podcast for this week.
Thank you guys for listening.
Hey,
don't sleep on that Michigan,
Utah game on Thursday.
You know,
Utah is going to come out and try to break fucking Michigan's heart and be like,
no,
it's going to be more the same and all.
There's a lot of people that come from pro football cities that don't watch
college football.
You got to get into it,
man.
Just pick an SEC team.
Uh,
I always watched Lsu tigers and I'm going to watch it.
I'm going to try to watch them Auburn Games this year too.
I'm so fucking psyched.
So fucking site and in the middle of all that is football's going on the pennant
races.
I get getting tighter and you got two weeks of the u s open the last major of
the year.
Okay.
If you're a bitch and this time of year,
I don't,
I can't fucking help you.
I can't help it.
Go hang out with that dude who can appreciate the classic cars.
Why didn't I take a dig at you?
I'm sure you're into something else that I'm not until you probably like those,
uh,
those x men movies,
such a concept.
All right.
Go fuck yourselves.
I'll talk to you next week.